encoderDiffTrigger

This circuit accepts digital quadrature signals from two encoders, counts the
difference between them, and outputs trigger pulses every N counts of the
difference.  The circuit requires two copies of softGlue, because there aren't
enough signals to do it with a single copy.

encoderDiffTriggerA

This part of the circuit decodes quadrature signals (a1,b1), (a2,b2) from the
encoders, and outputs corresponding step/direction signals (step1,dir1),
(step2,dir2).  The quadrature decoders are run from the 8 MHz clock, one driven
by the rising edge, the other driven by the falling edge.  This ensures that
transitions from the two decoders will not coincide in time.  The step and
direction signals, and the clock used to generate them, are output for use by
encoderDiffTriggerB.

encoderDiffTriggerB

This part of the circuit accepts signals step1, dir1, step2, dir2, and
Clock_8MHz from encoderDiffTriggerA, and uses them to drive two UpDown
counters.  The direction signals are multiplexed by Clock_8MHz and fed to the
UP/DOWN inputs of the counters.  The step signals cannot be treated in this way,
because multiplexing would produce rising edges when the signals have different
values.  Instead, the step signals are shortened to around 20 ns by flipflops 1
and 2, and the logical OR of those signals is fed to the clock inputs of the
counters.  In this way, step and direction signals from encoder 1 are counted
while Clock_8MHz is high, and those signals from encoder 2 are counted while
Clock_8Mhz is low.

One UpDown counter is used to keep track of the difference between the encoders,
and to generate triggers when that difference reaches a multiple of N, where N
is the number presented to the counter's PRESET input.  When that happens, the
counter is reloaded with the preset N.  But an UpDown counter can only generate
triggers in this way when the counter value reaches zero, so it can  generate
triggers when the encoder difference increases, or when it decreases, but not in
both cases.  So counter 1 generates triggers when the encoder difference
decreases.  A second counter generates triggers when the encoder difference
increases.


element count
encoderDiffTriggerA
	quadDec (2)
	I/O signals: a1, b1, a2, b2
	internal signals: , step1, dir1, step2, dir2, Clock
encoderDiffTriggerB
	UpDnCntr (2)
	DFF (3)
	OR (3)
	MUX2 (1)
	I/O signals: trigger
	internal signals: Clock, step1_pulse, step2_pulse, step1or2, dir1or2,
		trigUp, trigDown, load

upDownToPixelNum (row/column counter)
	DFF (3)
	UpDnCntr (2)
	AND (2) (delay)
	OR (2)
	I/O sgnals: init
	Internal signals:  up, upp, uppd, dn, dnp, dnpd, step, dir, ldup, lddn, ld
	
Total:
	quadDec (2)
	UpDnCntr (4)
	DFF (6)
	MUX2 (1)
	OR (5)
	AND (2)
	
total for pixel generator (two copies of above, plus one OR gate):
	quadDec (4)
	UpDnCntr (8)
	DFF (12)
	MUX2 (2)
	OR (11)
	AND (4)
